The goal of this project is to reproduce some of the features present in the Bootstrap framework.
You will need to reproduce all those described in this topic.
They do not have to have the same names as
in Boostrap, but their operation must be similar.
An unfinished feature will not be counted.
Do not go to another stage until you have finished all those before it, otherwise it will not count either.


!!!
	You will need to use Sass for the CSS part and jQuery for the JavaScript part.
	Any other technology is outlawed.
	The use of git is mandatory for this project and will be verified in defense.
	Make branches and use explicit commit messages.

	1 - 4 pts
	2 - 4 pts
	3 - 3 pts
	4 - 3 pts
	5 - 3 pts
	6 - 4 pts
	7 - 3 pts


1. Grid
	We will start by making a grid, similar to that of Bootstrap.
	This will allow us to make responsive sites very easily.
	• .container and .container-fluid classes in which your grid will be located.
	• .row classes for each row of the grid.
	• Classes .col - * - * to fill each .row. These are the blocks you will modify according to the resolution.



2. Filling
	Now that we have our functional grid, you will be able to fill it.
	Each of these elements can be put anywhere in the grid:


	A. Buttons, with different colors and sizes via .btn- * classes.
		Your buttons should also look different with the active selector or if they have the '.disabled' attribute.

	B. Images, which can be responsive with the '.img-responsive' class.
		Edges can be modified via the '.img-rounded', '.img-circle' and '.img-thumbail' classes.
		And as we find that it is missing in Bootstrap, we want to be able to blur the images with the .img-blur class.

	C. Colors, .text-muted, .text-primary, .text-success, .text-info, .text-warning, and .text-error classes.
		You are free to add more if you find some missing.
		For each color class created, you will need to create its equivalent that changes the background color, with the .bg- * classes.

	D. Alerts, like Bootstrap, via .alert-success, .alert-info, .alert-warning and .alter-danger classes.
		As for the colors, you are free to add some.



3. Hide items
    We realized that on mobile, our pages were a little overloaded and we would like elements to be visible only on a big screen.
    We would also like to be able to display elements only on mobile.
    You will therefore reproduce all the following classes:

    • .visible- * - *, which will say on which devices the elements will be necessarily visible.

    • .hidden - * - *, which, conversely, will be hidden on the desired devices.

    • .visible-print- * and .hidden-print, which will show or hide items during printing.